# Correct
- The HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) header instructs compatible browsers to use only ______.  
*HTTPS*
- Define insecure communication.  
*The transmission of sensitive or private data in cleartext in a communication channel that can be sniffed by attackers*
- TLS has replaced ________ as a more secure method of encryption.  
*SSL*
- For an attacker, what is the best location to sniff the network?  
*Between two routers*
- Which of these cipher suites is best to use for bulk encryption?  
*AES (256)*
- Which protection best counters the threat of insecure communication when you need to protect ALL traffic between two points on the Internet?  
*VPN*
- Which of these cipher suites is best to use for message authentication code?  
*SHA384*
- Identify the cipher suite category that uses ECDH encryption.  
*Key Exchange*
- Identify the cipher suite category that uses ECDSA encryption.  
*Authentication*
- Identify the cipher suite category that uses AES(256) encryption.  
*Bulk encryption*
- Two practical solutions for insecure communication include the use of a Virtual Private Network (VPN) and ________.  
*TLS*
- Identify the cipher suite category that uses SHA(384) encryption.  
*Message Authentication Code*
- Insecure communications could result in complete disclosure of _____.  
*Customer data*
# Incorrect
- What is the primary function of a network sniffer?  
XX Identifies potential vulnerabilities
- Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks are typically executed in conjunction with which other type of attack?  
XX Man-in-the-middle
XX Denial of Service
- Any ______ operation requires a secure random token to prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks.  
XX Client initiated
- Two practical solutions for insecure communication include the use of a Virtual Private Network (VPN) and ________.  
XX SSL
- As a best practice for using TLS, which element(s) of a transaction should be served over HTTPS?  
XX Just AJAX
- Identify a best practice when using TLS.  
XX Use asymmetric encryption
XX Replace WPA with WPA2
