# Correct
- What is the best way to ensure the customer is satisfied with early and continuous delivery of valuable software?  
*Ensure that every iteration of software you deliver is secure*
- To build secure projects around motivated individuals who you can trust to get the job done, it’s important to include _____.  
*Trusted security advisors*
- Which application security advice best complements the agile tactic to minimize the amount of work done?  
*Keep security simple*
- What is a daily review?  
*A regular team meeting to coordinate each member's activity*
- An agile principle states that business people and developers must work together daily throughout a project. You can incorporate security into this principle by also including _____.  
*Security people*
- What is a backlog?  
*An ordered list of items representing everything that may be needed to deliver a specific outcome*
- _____ is the best strategy for true security success.  
*Building security in*
- What is a user story?  
*A functional increment of work captured in consultation with the customer or product owner*
- Agile welcomes changing requirements, even late in development. What is the best approach to incorporate security into this situation?  
*Architect flexible security activities that can quickly include new work*
- What is scrum?  
*A process framework used to manage product development and other knowledge work*
- What is the best approach to incorporating security into frequent, rapid software delivery schedules?  
*Automate security tools*
- Include basic security features and functionality in your product to ensure _____.  
*Working software*
- Security champions enable small security teams to introduce security ______.  
*During face-to-face conversations*
# Incorrect
- Your team uses security champions to address security so you can maintain a steady rate of production. Which agile principle does this scenario target?  
XX The best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-organizing teams
- What is a key takeaway from the agile manifesto?  
XX There is an emphasis on processes and tools
XX It is very important to plan your work and work your plan
- What is the purpose of incremental development?  
XX It enables the customer or product owner to keep up with work as it's being done