# Correct
- "Unit tests written and executed" is an example of a _____ that has been deemed necessary to get a product increment to a "done" state.  
*list activity*
- The security activities of a _____ include privacy assessment, product security baseline, attack surface reduction, and penetration testing.  
*security sprint*
- The Plan phase of the Agile standard sprint + security model includes _____.  
*security requirements and stories*
- The Plan phase of the Agile security-focused sprint includes _____.  
*privacy assessment, product security baseline review, and attack surface reduction*
- In the context of Agile, “done” defines the agreed-upon list of _____ necessary to bring a product increment to completion.  
*activities*
- The Test phase of the Agile standard sprint + security model includes _____.  
*dynamic analysis and vulnerability scanning*
- Which security activities are most important to complete before you consider your sprint "done?"  
*Threat modeling, security code review, and security testing*
- _____, _____, and _____ are examples of security-related activities to include in your definition of "done."  
*Integration tested, performance tested, security tested*
- What is an Agile sprint?  
*The duration of the project increment you are working on*
- The security activities of a _____ include security stories, threat modeling, static analysis, security code review, dynamic analysis, vulnerability scanning, and third-party software.  
*Standard sprint*
- The security activities of a _____ include privacy assessment, product security baseline, attack surface reduction, and penetration testing.  
*Security Sprint*
- The Test phase of the Agile security-focused sprint includes _____.  
*Penetration testing*
- Security best practice recommends a standard _____ Agile sprint with embedded security activities.  
*2-6 week*
- SDL for Agile focuses on _____ in standard and security sprints.  
*performing security activities*
# Incorrect
- The Develop phase of the Agile standard sprint + security model includes _____.  
XX security requirements and stories
XX dependency checking and PSIRT involvement
- The Develop phase of the Agile security-focused sprint includes _____.  
XX a product security baseline review
XX vulnerability testing
- The Release phase of the Agile standard sprint + security model includes _____.  
XX security requirements and stories
