# Correct
- Which activities are specified in the Production phase of the Secure DevOps reference architecture?  
*Vulnerability scanning and red teaming*
- Which activity is specified in the Deployment phase of the Secure DevOps reference architecture?  
*Secret Injection*
- Which activities are specified in the Integration phase of the Secure DevOps reference architecture?  
*Static analysis and container security*
- _____ keep development goals in sync with business goals.  
*KPIs*
- _____, _____, and _____ are continuous phases of DevOps.  
*Integration, delivery, deployment*
- Which activities are specified in the Delivery phase of the Secure DevOps reference architecture?  
*Dynamic analysis and automated tests*
- Which activity is specified in the Design phase of the Secure DevOps reference architecture?  
*Threat Modeling*
- What is continuous delivery?  
*A software development practice in which code changes are automatically built, tested, and prepared for release to production*
- DevOps is changing the _____ with which software is built.  
*velocity*
- DevOps is a(n) _____ process.  
*iterative*
- Which activity is specified in the Plan phase of the Secure DevOps reference architecture?  
*Security best practices*
- Because software is being released at a much faster pace than ever before, it must have _____.  
*security built in*
- Which activities are specified in the Development phase of the Secure DevOps reference architecture?  
*Secure code review and software composition analysis*
# Incorrect
- What is continuous deployment?  
XX A software development practice in which code changes are automatically built, tested, and prepared for release to production
- What is continuous integration?  
XX A software development practice in which all code changes are deployed to a testing or production environment after the build stage