# Correct
- Which organization provides industry standards for security requirements?  
*NIST*
- Implementation of security requirements form the foundation of your product's or application's _____.  
*security posture*
- Which organization or standard governs healthcare security requirements?  
*HIPAA*
- During your investigation of an application you found references to code that is no longer used. Which OWASP Application Security Verification Standard would this finding apply to?  
*Verify that all application components are identified and are known to be needed*
- What is the advantage of making security repeatable and standard?  
*Customers receive the same amount of security in everything you build*
- During your investigation of an application, you discover that it allows passwords of any length. Which OWASP Application Security Verification Standard would this finding apply to?  
*Verify that password entry fields allow or encourage the use of passphrases, and do not prevent password managers, long passphrases, or highly complex passwords from being entered*
- You discover an application that does not appear to sanitize user input. Which OWASP Application Security Verification Standard would this finding apply to?  
*Verify that all SQL queries, HQL, OSQL, NOSQL and stored procedures, and calling of stored procedures are protected by the use of prepared statements or query parameterization, and thus not susceptible to SQL injection*
- Which organization, standard, or event provides a history of failed security that drives security requirement improvements?  
*SSLv3 Poodle*
- A developer modifies an application, adding new functionality and eliminating an insecure option. Which phase of effecting security requirements is the developer in?  
*Implementation, test, and measurement*
# Incorrect
- A security requirement is a ________ needed to ensure the satisfaction of a security objective.  
XX feature or capability
- What is the first phase of implementing security requirements?  
XX Design and modeling
XX Investigation and documentation
- You find a document describing product issues that were identified with a STRIDE methodology. Which OWASP Application Security Verification Standard would this finding apply to?  
XX Verify that anti-automation is in place to prevent breached credential testing, brute forcing, and account lockout attacks