# Correct
- With regard to security, what is STRIDE?  
  *A methodology for dealing with threats*
- An anonymous user gathers information from a library's authentication system. What mitigation is recommended?  
  *Test and ensure that the authentication system does not bleed any information*
- How does SSH mitigate a telnet spoof? 
  *It encrypts the conversation between client and server*
- An anonymous user discovers admin pages on a library website and executes functions. Which security weakness most likely led to this attack?
  *The user evaded the authentication system*
- An attacker gains administrative access to a library's check-out system. Which security weakness most likely led to this exploit?  
  *Students or staff could modify privilege levels*
- A developer writes JavaScript enabling client-side authentication. The user disables JavaScript from within their browser. What type of security threat does this scenario depict?  
  *Tampering*
- Why is client-side authentication a poor choice for security?  
  *Because the user can disable the security function*
- Where is the most secure place to perform authentication? 
  *On a server*
- Why is telnet used as a threat model example?
  *Because it's easy to see how the threat modeling process works*

# Incorrect
- An attacker is able to download a list of all the user accounts within the library's database. Which security weakness most likely led to this exploit?  
  Students or staff could modify privilege levels
  