# Correct
- Vulnerability scanning identifies issues in the ________ beneath your application or product.
 *Infrastructure*

- The primary purpose of a credentialed vulnerability scan is to ________.
 *helps you see deeper in the system*

- Vulnerability scanning typically occurs during the ______ phase of the basic secure development lifecycle.
 *Test*

- What is the primary reason a scanner checks if the remote host is alive?
 *To determine if there is something to check*

- What is a vulnerability scanner?
 *A set of technologies that evaluate a system for exposed vulnerabilities without their direct exploitation*

- Vulnerability scanning generally focuses on ______.
 *Application server*

- The primary purpose of an un-credentialed vulnerability scan is to ____.
 *discover vulnerabilities from the outside looking in*

- Upon posting a new software release, you are reminded that others will scan your new release using security testing tools. Which benefit of vulnerability scanning is best represented in this scenario?
 *Find and find an issue before your customers do*

- Uncredentialed vulnerability scanning is ________ box security testing.
 *Black*

- In the results of a host's vulnerability scan, you notice that TCP ports 21, 22, 23, 80, and 443 are listed as open. What should you be concerned about from this finding?
 *Some of the open ports do not have secure options*

- What is the purpose of rescan in the developer workflow?
 *To check if a fix has remediated the issue*


# Incorrect
- What is the primary objective of vulnerability assessment?
 *To test the system by running as many scans as it can in a pre-determined time frame*