# Correct
- __________ input validation checks that the data has the correct syntax and structure.  
*Syntactic*
- What is the goal of input validation?  
*To ensure only safe and properly formed data is used in an application.*
- When validating input, we should _______.  
*assume all input is malicious until proven safe*
- Which mitigation technique focuses on removing unnecessary inputs for an application?  
*Attack surface reduction*
- Which input validation method ensures that if a program expects an integer, it gets an integer?  
*Data type validation*
- What is safe listing?  
*An input validation strategy that involves creating a list of good input and authorizing any input found on the list.*
- __________ input validation checks the data to ensure it meets a specific business requirement.  
*Semantic*
- What is dangerous listing?  
*An input validation strategy that involves creating a list of bad input and declining authorization of any input found on that list.*
- Which class of tool is best for discovering input validation errors?  
*Static Analysis*
- ________ involves checking data sent to your application before putting it to use.  
*Input Validation*
# Incorrect
- Which input validation mitigation is a recommended best practice?  
X Avoid static analysis tools.
X Use regular expressions as often as possible.  
- Which input validation method specifically applies to JSON and XML (XSD)?  
X Data type validators
- Which statement applies to regular expressions?  
X Regular expressions are the easiest input validation method to maintain  